{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh5080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1 . Write a blog on the Difference between document and window objects.\
\
These both are objects of browser\'92s object model. \
\
Document Object. : \
\
A . The document object represents the HTML document itself. It provides a way to interact with the content of the webpage, including elements like paragraphs , images , forms . Etc.,\
\
B. Developers use the \'93document\'94 object to manipulate the structure and content of the HTML document. For example, you can use it to access and modify elements, create new elements, change styles, and handle events.\
\
\
Window Object : \
\
A. The \'93window\'94 object represents the browser window or tab. It is the top-level object in the browser\'92s object model and contains properties and methods related to the browser window.\
\
B. The window object is the global object in client-side javascript. It includes properties like \'93location\'94 ( information about the URL),  navigator - ( information about the browser) , \'93setTimeout\'94 - ( for scheduling code execution. \
\
Summary  :   The document object is focused on the content and structure of the HTML document, while the \'93window\'94 object is more concerned with the browser environment and provides global properties and methods related to the browser window. Both are essential for building dynamic and interactive web pages.\
\
}